Mo Yan, since you are all right
Then I'll go first
What's wrong, Mo Yan?
Wasn't it fine in there just now?
Why are you so indifferent to me now?
Do you think I'm hiding my true identity?
Do you mind? Actually, that's not what I'm angry about.
I ask you
Is what Fan Yao told you true?
You come back to me
Is it just to lure him out?
There is indeed a reason for this
But I came back for you
Mainly because I want to marry you
I like you.
It's true. It's true.
When I first met you when I was a child
I fell in love with you
I have sworn
I don't want to marry you
Just you can talk
What happened to Zhang Ningyu?
Ning Yu is going on a blind date that day
Let me pretend to be his boyfriend
If you don't believe me
I'll call him and ask him to talk to you.
Stop fighting.
He has explained it to me.
I say so
Just to test you
Then you believe my heart for you
Believe but
You are all blue
The owner of the Infinite Hall standing on the top of the sky
And I'm just a little star
The identity between us is like the pen of cloud and mud
If you marry me
Wouldn't it be made fun of by the whole world?
Two people together
The most important thing is to see if there is each other in your heart
It's not identity.
And the woman I, Xiao Wuji, want to marry
Who dares to make irresponsible remarks